RESURRECTION ERTUGRUL
THE STORIES AND CHARACTERS DEPICTED
HERE WERE INSPIRED BY OUR HISTORY
NO ANIMALS WERE HARMED DURING
THE FILMING OF THIS PRODUCTION.
Mother Hayme, why do you take
this ominous girl into your tent?
Aren’t they the source of all problems
we are facing today?
How can she have the face
to stay in our tribe?
How can she sit in our marquee?
How dare you question my decisions?
Get out of here now! I said now!
Beys, come on, let us talk inside.
Everyone in the tribe is informed.
What is happening?
How dare you enter your Bey’s
marquee like this?
They wanted to talk with their Bey,
Hayme Hanim.
And I accepted their request.
State comes first or
else you get eaten by crows.
Walk. I said walk along!
Whatever happens do not show yourselves.
-Yes, sir.
Walk.
Send the Shahzades, Ertugrul.
And you send my father!
Come on.
Kill them all!
What if Suleyman Shah does not come back?
What will we do, Bey?
Bey, what can we do if this Karatoygar
is not satisfied attacks the tribe later?
We see that the tribe has
so many endless problems.
We did not know...
...that the beys who have
many jobs to do are anxious to...
...gather the headquarter meetings
every chance they get.
For you to show your courage, you wait
for your Bey to sacrifice himself.
We were not aware of this, until now.
If Suleyman Shah who returned from
countless battles tired and sweaty...
...saw you in this manner,
I am sure he would have been proud.
Kill them all!
Why aren’t you attacking?
Why?
Take them away.
I told you to kill them all!
Kill them all!
This is treachery! Treachery!
You cowards! You will pay for all this!
Attack!
Your brother is still in my hand,
Ertugrul!
If something happens to me...
Save your breath, Karatoygar.
No one will come to your help.
I want to talk with you alone,
Ertugrul Bey.
Leave us alone, Alps.
I was a commander in the Seljuk army
for years.
For the Great Seljuk state
I fought inside and outside the country.
I spilt blood, then fate flew me
to my Shahzade.
From now on, my only wish, my only duty
is to protect my Shahzade and his family.
That is why I contacted with the soldiers
I know within Karatoygar’s legion.
That is the situation, Ertugrul Bey.
This is what I want as well, Afsin Bey.
To protect my tribe, my family, Halime...
...and Halime’s family.
As our wish and desires are the same...
...we should stand as strong as mountains
against this dog called Karatoygar.
You are a valiant man, Ertugrul Bey...
...to fight side by side with you
is a pride, an honor for me.
Then tell me, Afsin Bey.
Those soldiers you are in contact with.
How effective are they?
Let me tell you like this, Ertugrul Bey...
...they are so effective that
when Karatoygar calls for help...
...he will not find
a single soldier behind him.
Then our job is to make him call for help.
This means that in the life and death
situation at Kartal Tepesi...
...we shall be the sword and
you shall be the shield, Afsin Bey.
We will attack and you will keep
the Seljuk soldiers with Karatoygar...
...on the right side.
Of course, Ertugrul Bey. We shall be.
Today, we shall be on the side of
the oppressed against the tyrants.
The Owner of the oppressed is our Witness.
May God be on our side and help us.
Sari Bolu.
Sari Bolu!
You will pay for this.
You lowlife scum!
May you burn in hell, Karatoygar.
You will all die along with the Shahzades.
I shall exterminate your progeny!
Those days are over, Mother Hayme.
It is time to think about
how we will pass the cliff in front of us.
Alpargu! Know your place!
Of course we have things to talk about,
for the future of our tribe.
But this place is also
the private quarters of our Suleyman Shah.
It is not suitable to bother Mother Hayme.
She is in enough pain as it is.
We were inconsiderate.
Let us carry on in my tent.
Carry the Bey symbols to my tent.
We are all sorry for our losses, brother.
The ambush on the caravan, the Alps
getting killed were not your fault.
Did you know beforehand?
Did you know that Numan was
a Shahzade beforehand?
No, I just learned it.
But it is obvious that
they had a good reason to hide it.
He played you just like he played us...
...but you still defend them!
Let me go, you goat herders!
Who do you think you are?
Let me go!
Banditry is not eternal, Karatoygar.
Your tyrant rule is over.
You talk about banditry.
The Turkmen tribe who ambushed
and captured a Seljuk commander.
When Sultan Aladdin hears about this,
who do you think he will see as bandits?
Do not waste your breath, Karatoygar.
We will set a court and your verdict
will be given according to our customs.
When custom speaks, Beys stop talking,
as well as the sultan.
-Father?
-Are you fine, Bey?
Would you like to rest a bit?
I am fine, Wild Demir. I am fine.
Are we returning to the tribe, father?
No. First we will take back the goods
this lowlife looted from our caravan.
Afsin Bey,
you know that I would die for you...
...but what if this court ruling goes bad?
Do not worry, Sari. Trust me.
It is obvious that Kurdoglu
was waiting for a chance like this.
How else could he act so quickly
to take over the post?
Shameless man.
He even took the Bey symbols with him.
And we are sitting here
with our hands tied.
Enough, Aykiz. Enough.
You make a fuss without
knowing how the state is run.
-Do we have permission, Mother Hayme?
-Come, my girl. Come.
What happened?
You all wait with the pain inside you,
you do not think about your hunger.
I wanted to bring you something to eat.
Thank you, my girl. Put the pan on
the table and you sit down with us.
We all wait with anxiety.
While Suleyman Shah is leading them,
they will all come back safe and sound.
But my sister is worrying a lot
about my brother in law Gundogdu.
You all wait for your fathers...
...and I pray for Ertugrul Bey.
You are correct.
I know the sorrow your sister
is going through.
But let her be rest assured...
...we shall leave the tribe soon.
If God permits, they will all
return safe and sound.
We can only pray for them.
You bloodless dogs. Lowlifes!
I will kill you all! Kill you all.
You will pay for all of these!
I will destroy you all!
Not only your tribe, there will be not
a single person left who remembers Kayis.
I will kill you all!
You shall leave immediately.
You will catch that dog called Gundogdu...
...before he reaches his tribe...
...and you'll bring him to Kartal Tepesi.
-Kartal Tepesi?
-Kartal Tepesi, yes.
Those Kayi goat herders are
setting us a trap there.
Did you hear, Sari?
They think they can finish Karatoygar off.
Bey, if you like we can go beforehand
take precautions.
Yes, Sari Bolu...
...place your most trusted
soldiers to the rocks of Kartal Tepesi.
When I give the signal...
...I want to turn that place
into hell for Kayis.
As you wish!
Sari Bolu.
We checked the warehouse where
the goods are, they are all there, Bey.
Are you fine, father?
Yes, I am.
Bey, you are tired...
...I arranged a room for you to stay here
and rest for the night.
We can go there if you wish.
Thank you, commander.
Ertugrul...
...you stay here. I will go with Gundogdu.
Ertugrul Bey...
...there are some issues
we need to talk about.
As if the problems they created for us
are not enough...
...she goes and takes refuge with
Mother Hayme. Wolf in a sheep’s hide.
But if my name is Selcan, I shall make you
pay for all you have done, Halime.
Sister.
Gokce, where were you?
Which corner did you hide in?
Sister.
The foreign girl goes and takes refuge
with Mother Hayme but my sister is...
...all alone in a corner...
-Sister! You are mistaken!
I am not hiding anywhere.
I am coming from the marquee,
I was with them.
Look at my sister.
I approached them with
an excuse of bringing food.
I said what I had to say and
I heard what I wanted to hear.
What did you hear?
Kurdoglu took the Bey symbols
and carried them to his tent.
It is obvious that they lost hope of
Suleyman Shah’s return.
-Did he take the Bey symbols to his tent?
-Yes.
Kurdoglu.
What is your intention?
You wait here.
Sister!
Stop, Gundogdu.
Today, I saw how you looked at Ertugrul.
You are his brother.
A brother should not look
at his brother with hatred.
Moreover, he risked his life to save you.
Father, what are you saying?
He risked his life, is that so?
I do not know whether he risked his life
for us or for his valuable guests...
...but I know one thing, if we were
put in this bind, Ertugrul is the reason.
You have hate in your eyes
after the ambush on the caravan.
You look for a scapegoat to blame.
Are you comfortable, Kurdoglu?
Are you satisfied with sitting on Suleyman
Shah’s throne instead of saving Gundogdu?
I do not reply as I know
you worry about your husband’s life...
...but know your place, Selcan Hatun.
I know my place,
that is why I am questioning you!
Why don’t you do anything
to save Gundogdu?
Do you see what is going on in this tribe?
Do you hear them?
We faced many problems, if I didn’t act
fast the tribe was going to be divided.
Who was to blame for those many problems?
Wasn’t it you who stirred up the trouble?
I told you the things Suleyman Shah was
keeping secret, I committed an offence...
...but what did you do? Nothing!
-What did you expect me to do?
Do you see me as a traitor? Did you think
that I would share the secret plans...
...of my tribe with the enemy?
What will happen to them?
If that dog called Karatoygar
kills my husband...
We will pray for them to be spared.
This is all we can do.
We need to get out of the Seljuk territory
before all hell breaks loose again.
Not for myself, for my son who sleeps
unbeknown to all that is happening.
I understand you, my Shahzade. I guess
this is the best course of action...
...for the good of everyone.
But you may need to give us
horses and weapons for us to go.
I have another plan in my mind.
After the funerals, I shall request
permission from my father to go to Aleppo.
I can take you there
safe and sound with my Alps.
-After that...
-Thank you, Ertugrul Bey. Thank you.
I shall always be thankful to you
and your family.
Tomorrow we shall talk with Suleyman Shah
and set on the road as soon as possible.
Ertugrul?
You are not asleep.
You are not asleep either.
We managed to win this time as well...
...but there is something eating
my heart from inside, Wild  Demir.
How did Karatoygar learn that
we were at Kartal Tepesi?
The thing that is eating your heart inside
is eating my heart as well.
Look...
...I will say something to you but...
Tell me, Wild  Demir.
That night when those dogs
staged an ambush on Halime’s tent...
...the person who drove me away
from the tent...
...was Kurdoglu.
I don’t want to blame anyone
without proof, even Kurdoglu but...
...this is a problem of the tribe.
You should be informed.
AMANOS MOUNTAINS
TEMPLARS CASTLE
-You have a message from Titus, sir.
-What did he write?
Fools.
They could not do one thing properly.
Check...
...and mate.
Do not forget, when the game ends...
...the king and pawns
are put in the same box at the end.
Only the ones who clear the table
know who is victorious.
Be careful and don’t make me angry
before you go in the box.
Send a message to Titus, immediately.
He should not sacrifice
Karatoygar for anyone.
Can Titus still prevent
Kayis from coming to Aleppo?
I do not know where he can succeed or not.
Not being able to see the future...
...is torturing my soul.
Tell them to get prepared, Marcus.
You are coming with me to Aleppo.
We have some business to attend
with Nasir.
Do you have any other
orders for Titus, sir?
He should make the wrath of Karatoygar
fall upon the Kayis.
He can either do this himself
or use Kurdoglu.
This shall be his decision,
as he will be responsible for the outcome.
Where is Suleyman Shah?
They say that our caravan was ambushed.
Where are the bodies, Bey?
He is right. Where is Bey, where are
the bodies? What is happening, Kurdoglu?
Beys of Kayi.
Today is not the day for complaints.
We still have no news from our tribe’s
pillar Suleyman Shah and our Alps.
God forbid, we need to be prepared
for all possibilities.
The unity and future of
our tribe is under threat.
And this Aleppo issue
in the middle of all these troubles.
The decision our Bey took in good times...
...should be reconsidered under
these harsh conditions.
What else can we do, Kurdoglu?
What is on your mind?
Before I state the thing on my mind,
I would like to remind you that...
...Suleyman Shah Bey appointed me as
the head of the tribe before leaving.
-My words are our Bey’s words.
-Of course.
My heart is not in peace with setting foot
on the unknown path of Aleppo.
To migrate, we need to find...
-Suleyman Shah has returned!
-Suleyman Shah is back!
Stop!
Stop! Stop!
Do not do anything
that is indecorum to Kayis.
We shall talk about
the trial in the headquarters.
The verdict shall be from our customs.
Tie him up to the log.
Let me go!
I will kill you all!
-Kill him!
-Don’t make him live!
Thank God, you are back safe and sound.
God has accepted my prayers.
Suleyman. Suleyman.
Suleyman.
Dear God.
Translation: Suzan Mıhladız